=head1 NAME

ann2fig - Dump ANN tree structure in Fig format

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    ann2fig [-upi scale] [-x low_x] [-y low_y] 
	[-sz size] [-dx dim_x] [-dy dim_y] [-sl dim value]*
	[-ps pointsize] file	

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program inputs an ann dump file of a search structure
perhaps along with point coordinates, and outputs a fig (Ver 3.1)
file (see fig2dev (1)) displaying the tree.  The fig file may
then be displayed using xfig, or converted to any of a number of
other formats using fig2dev.

If the dimension is 2 then the entire tree is displayed.  If the
dimension is larger than 2 then the user has the option of
selecting which two dimensions will be displayed, and the slice
value for each of the remaining dimensions.  All leaf cells
intersecting the slice are shown along with the points in these
cells.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item -upi scale

fig units per inch (default = 1200)

=item -x low_x -y low_y

x and y offset of upper left corner (inches) (default = 1)

=item -sz size

maximum side length of figure (in inches) (default = 5)

=item -dx dim_x

horizontal dimension (default = 0)

=item -dy dim_y

vertical dimension (default = 1)

=item -sv value

default slice value (default = 0)

=item -sl dim value

each such pair defines the value along the given dimension at which to
slice.  This may be supplied for all dimensions except dim_x and
dim_y.

=item -ps pointsize

size of points in fig units (def = 10)

=item file

file (input=file.dmp, output=file.fig)

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

David Mount

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This man page is Copyright (C) 2007 Rafael Laboissiere <rafael AT debian DOT
org> and released under the GNU GPL, version 3 or later.  It was written for
the Debian distribution but may be used by others.

=head1 SEE ALSO

fig2dev(1)
ann_sample(1)

